Q: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do that?

A: When 'git init' is run in a directory, all meta data files of a
   repository are created. This is needed so that subsequent commits
   can be performed successfully. 




Q: How is staging area different from working directory and repository?
   What value do you think it offers?

A: Staging area can be used to temporarily group together the changes that
   will form a part of commit. Changes saved in staging area are not yet
   part of a commit and hence can be changed. Also, staging area allows
   changes to several files to be grouped together and tied to a common
   description of the change.



Q: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per 
   logical change?

A: 1. Do aa git diff to identify the changes between working directory and
      staging area find all the differences between them
   2. If a file contains both changes related to the logical change and changes
      unrelated to logical change, modify the file to ensure that only changes
      related to the logical change remain. Using git diff, verify that the
      differences between the working directory and staging area for this file
      is according to the expectations.
   3. Add all files containing no changes that are unrelated to the logical 
      change that you are making to the staging area.
   4. Do a "git diff --staged to confirm that the changes between the 
      repository and the staging area belong to the same logical change.



What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?




How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Helps in identifying which changes are common between two branches and which 
changes occur in only one of them.






What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it
in the diagram the way we do?




What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs always doing
merges manually?





